Do you think he doesn't want this child?
Avoid me on purpose
Probably not.
If you really don't want it
Why did I give you money?
Don't send so many supplements.
But this can't go on forever.
This kid can't wait
So what do you want to do?
10 days I can wait up to 10 days
If you still can't get in touch
I went to the hospital to abort him
You sent me the photo.
Exactly. Why?
Isn't that Song Zeyu a good brother?
I just can't stand him stepping on two boats
Miss Xue, you are a genuine relationship.
Of course I'm with you.
Do you think I would believe it?
Maybe it's just a misunderstanding.
You're deliberately trying to ruin our relationship
Believe it or not, that's your business.
But I have to warn you
That woman is pregnant
How is it, miss? It's been checked.
That one is called Shen Yuning, right?
Indeed pregnant
Song Zeyu
What about Shen Yuning?
He went to the hospital.
Have to abort the child
What's the matter hurry up
I got a call from Zhong Shuke
He said Shen Yuning couldn't contact you.
I asked you not to have children.
Hurry up